Here's a detailed description of the image in markdown format:

The image shows a web page for an online exam or quiz. The URL is exam.sanand.workers.dev. The exam will end on Sun, 18 May 2025 at 11:59 PM IST. The current score is 0.

The following instructions are provided:

1.  **Learn what you need:** Reading material is provided, but feel free to skip it if you can answer the question (or learn it just for pleasure).
2.  **Check answers regularly:** by pressing "Check". It shows which answers are right or wrong. You can check multiple times.
3.  **Save regularly:** by pressing "Save". You can save multiple times. Your last saved submission will be evaluated.
4.  **Reloading is OK:** Your answers are saved in your browser (not server). Questions won't change except for randomized parameters.
5.  **Browser may struggle:** If you face loading issues, turn off security restrictions or try a different browser.
6.  **Use anything:** You can use any resources you want. The internet, ChatGPT, friends, whatever. Use any libraries or frameworks you want.
7.  **It's hackable:** It's possible to get the answer to some questions by hacking the code for this quiz. That's allowed.

A question is asked: "Should you take TDS this term?".  The following suggestions are provided:
*   If this assignment takes you under 2 hours to complete, you will likely do OK in TDS.
*   If you score above 8/10, you might get an S or A grade, with effort and luck.

A call to action "Have questions? Join the discussion on Discourse" is contained within a rectangular box.
You are logged in as 21f1001947@ds.study.iitm.ac.in. There is a logout button.

Recent save information is provided.
Reload from 18/5/2025, 11:50:33 PM. Score: 7.25
Reload from 18/5/2025, 11:49:58 PM. Score: 7.25
Reload from 18/5/2025, 10:54:50 PM. Score: 5.75
